today we will introduce to you an
american psychological movie called
joker in 1981
the opening of the film is the scene
that arthur is sitting in front of the
dressing table to prepare for his work
he sits in front of the mirror and tries
to pull his mouth out to create a smile
while his eyes are full of tears
then he went to work held the billboard
and stood dancing in front of the store
with a clown face
the kids on the street ran over and
criticized his shoes then stole his
billboard
they lured him to chase him to a small
alley but they beat him to pieces and
crushed the billboard because they knew
he was very weak and would not fight
back
arthur then went to the community worker
to get advice about his condition and
get a new prescription for himself
he suffered from brain damage so he
couldn't control his laughter when he
felt stressed or emotionally affected
on the bus he met a boy and made him
laugh he was scolded by the boy's mother
after that arthur began to laugh
uncontrollably he tried to give the
boy's mother a card about his illness
and tried to cover his mouth with his
hand to avoid the stigma and emotionless
looks of the people of gotham were also
on the bus
today was like every other day
everything was bad for him
he sadly walked up the stairs to return
home to his mother
his mother still told him like every day
before going home to check the mailbox
for a reply from thomas wayne
his mother had been a maid for the wayne
family many years ago so arthur's mother
hoped that when thomas knew of their
plight he would help them
however the mailbox is still empty as
usual
arthur brought rice for his mother and
sat with her to watch their favorite tv
show hosted by m.c murray he fell into a
dream that he would become a stand-up
comedian full of humor and famous like
m.c murray arthur imagined himself
watching it directly and was noticed and
applauded by murray and the audience at
the studio
he dreams of being held by murray and
murray considers arthur as his son
a beautiful dream for a bad day with
arthur
the next day at the haha company arthur
is trying to expand his cramped old
clown shoe
his colleague randall knew about it so
he gave the 32-millimeter gun to arthur
and told him to keep it to protect
himself
then arthur was invited by his boss into
the room to discuss some issues
the first was a shop saying that arthur
had stolen their billboard
the second problem is that many
customers report that arthur is very
weird especially his laughter makes many
people feel uncomfortable
another bad day for arthur he doesn't
know how to relieve his anger so he has
to punch and kick the trash can
in the elevator on the way home he met
sophie and her mother a neighbor who
lived near their apartment
after a bad day seeing sophie smile talk
and wish him good night arthur feels
better and misunderstands that she has
feelings for him
he went to his house bathed his mother
then he sat down to watch tv and dance
with guns
unfortunately he pulled the trigger and
the gunshot rang he had to lie to his
mother that he was watching a war movie
the next day he followed sophia watching
what she did every day that he stopped
by a tea room to take notes and learn
how successful stand-up comedians are
that night sophie knocked on the door of
arthur's apartment asked if arthur
followed her this morning they laugh and
talk to each other she also complimented
arthur's humor and agreed to go to see
arthur perform a stand-up comedy
the next morning arthur had a dance show
in the children's hospital for sick
children here
due to jumping too much arthur
accidentally dropped the gun that
randall gave him
all the doctors present at that time
were surprised
received the news arthur's boss cursed
him badly randall made up the story that
arthur asked to buy that gun from
randall which made the boss even more
angry and fired arthur
arthur dejectedly banged his head on the
glass of the phone station and got on
the train to go home
jobless colleagues harmed people shunned
arthur was like a lost soul on the
subway train back home
on the train at that time there were
three office workers who were teasing a
young girl
arthur wanted to help her but couldn't
do anything his emotions were pent up so
his mouth suddenly turned into unwanted
laughter
the girl left and three staff members
approached to tease bully and beat
arthur
being cornered arthur immediately pulled
out the gun in his body shot every
scoundrel one by one one of them ran out
he also chased and shot and then quickly
ran away
he hid in the toilet clearing his mind
however somehow in that moment he was no
longer scared or tired instead arthur
began to dance as if to celebrate his
successful performance
stepping out of the bathroom door arthur
confidently walked and rushed straight
to sophie's apartment hugged and kissed
her ending a tumultuous day for him
he came to pack up to leave the company
before leaving he broke the time box and
poster at the top of the hallway and he
happily went home
he went home watched tv with his mother
when mr wayne appeared and spoke about
the recent murder of three people wayne
said the masked man was a coward the
jealous man got angry with whoever was
better off me
he stretched out on the chair and
laughed sarcastically
he then had to go to a social worker to
get medicine but learned that the city
government has now cut social benefits
because they simply don't care about
people like arthur
arthur was depressed but that night
arthur was still at pogo's tea room to
perform his stand-up comedy and sophie
sat down to watch him
due to nervousness and anxiety arthur
could only burst out his incredible
laughter but then arthur tried to
complete his performance well
the two happily go home on the way they
see an article about a murder clown
sophie calls him a hero and the people
killed are [ __ ] excited and happy to
return home he went to watch tv with his
mother and then happily danced with her
put his mother to bed and arthur
accidentally read the letter his mother
wrote to thomas wayne
at this time he was stunned to learn
that thomas wayne was romantically
involved with his mother and his father
was the owner of wayne corporation
however due to fear of people's gossip
thomas asked for a breakup forcing
arthur's mother to sign some commitments
to keep this secret
surprised but also very happy arthur
rushed to catch the train to the wayne
mansion
there he meets bruce wayne the only son
of thomas wayne and martha wayne
standing outside the gate arthur looked
at his brother
despite living in luxury bruce's face
was still melancholy
so arthur opened bruce's mouth like he
was smiling when he saw his brother
at that moment the housekeeper alfred
appeared and told arthur that his mother
was paranoid there was nothing between
thomas and arthur's mother
arthur angrily strangled alfred but saw
his brother standing there looking at
him in panic so he immediately ran away
returning home arthur finds his mother
lying in the ambulance due to a stroke
he followed the ambulance to take his
mother to the hospital
after he was fine the two policemen came
to see him then he knowed that while
arthur was meeting bruce wayne two local
policemen at the house went to see
arthur's mother to ask some questions
that made her agitated
arthur went to the hospital to take care
of his mother sophie was also there to
encourage him while he was sitting alone
with his mother in the hospital the tv
aired murray's show
arthur was overjoyed because the clip he
performed at the pogo tea room was
uploaded by murray on the show but was
immediately splashed with cold water in
the face because murray did not have to
praise his comedy performance but
instead took the show
he uses his acting to tease joke and
make others laugh
arthur was deeply hurt by this
the next day arthur sneaked into the
convention center where the comedy
charlie chaplin was hosted by thomas
wayne to raise money for charity
arthur saw thomas go out immediately
followed and met thomas in the toilet
embarrassed to accept his father but
thomas refused and talked about arthur's
mother being paranoid once locked in
arkham asylum and between him and thomas
no relationship at all
arthur laughed in pain and despair when
thomas threw a punch in the nose warning
him not to go near bruce
arthur was in total shock when he
returned home
he ducked into the refrigerator to hide
from the sounds in his head and relieve
his anger
the next day he was called by murray's
show to be a guest on the upcoming show
because his comedy clip was quite
interesting to the audience
arthur has one more hope for his life
that morning he took a bus to arkham
asylum to find his mother's medical
records
but the manager wouldn't let him get the
file back so he grabbed it and ran as
fast as he could to the stairs
he was in great pain when he learned
that he was adopted by his mother and
that his symptoms were caused by his
mother allowing her mother's lovers to
abuse him since childhood tied him to
the fireplace brutally beat him and
leave him malnourished hunger
the person he loved the most was the one
who deceived him the most and turned him
into a person who is shunned by the
whole society as it is now
walking in the rain to the old apartment
arthur walked to sophie's apartment
sophie was startled when arthur appeared
and asked him to go to his house
immediately
at this moment arthur was shocked to
realize that sophie's interest in him
was only a product of his imagination
for so long
i walked out of that apartment and went
to my house
the next morning arthur was at the
hospital using a pillow to kill his
mother
he stood by the window laughing to
himself like a fool
after that he returned to rehearse for
the upcoming murray show
now arthur has nothing to lose so he
plans to perform a comedy show on
television by pulling out his gun and
taking his own life
arthur dyed his hair blue painted a
clown face to prepare for his final role
tonight
at that moment randall and arthur's
fellow dwarf visit him to offer
condolences on the passing of arthur's
mother
randall was still afraid that he would
be implicated when the police
investigated arthur's gun so he asked
arthur to agree to the testimony
angered by randall's evil nature arthur
took scissors to stab his throat and
eyes and hit randall's head repeatedly
against the wall until he died
but he forgave gary not harming gary
because he treated arthur well in the
past
finished everything he put on the suit
and joker face dancing happily on the
stairs leading to his apartment
however soon after he was chased by two
policemen and had to flee to a train
full of people wearing clown masks to
protest at the city hall
a police officer unfortunately opened
fire and shot at a protester so the two
men were assaulted by the crowd
he escaped
arthur walked arrogantly to the tv
station he went to the tv station met
murray and asked murray to introduce
himself as joker
before the broadcast murray played back
the tape recording of arthur's
performance to mock joker at that time
had a slight change in his thinking
on air he began telling jokes admitting
that he had killed three men on the
subway
he originally intended to commit suicide
as planned but was constantly mocked by
murray and the crowd thereby arose
arguing between him and the male emcee
about the distinction between rich and
poor the badness of thomas wayne and
even murray
at the climax of this joker shoots
murray to death on the spot in the panic
of the audience at the time he leaned
close to the camera reading the ending
of the program that murray used to say
such is life
due to the live broadcast the people of
gotham were able to see the horrifying
scene
joker was arrested on the set and taken
to the police station
sitting in the car he looked at gotham
in turmoil and became delighted by the
beautiful sight in his eyes
suddenly an ambulance crashed into a
police car causing the police escort to
die on the spot and joker unconscious
joker was placed on the hood of a police
car by protesters
meanwhile thomas wayne and his wife and
children also rushed to flee due to
riots in the city
three people walking down a small alley
were followed by a masked clown
he shot and killed thomas and his wife
in front of bruce's horror
joker wakes up dancing and rejoicing in
front of the crowd chanting his name
he drew blood from his mouth to draw a
smile
at the end of the film arthur is
handcuffed and is talking with a
psychologist
he smiled and walked out of the room
with bloody footprints before reaching
the end of the hallway and being chased
by security
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie thank you for watching
the movie